five free resources to learn digital
marketing you don't need a college
degree to learn digital marketing and
you don't want to have to spend a
thousand dollars on courses when you
don't need to you can learn it for free
resource number one neil patel trading
center neilpatel.com
training with the neil patel training
center i literally have courses on
everything seo all social platforms
linkedin twitter facebook instagram you
name it conversion rate optimization
email marketing i also have worksheets
cheat sheets homework assignments for
you if you follow along and you do them
you'll get value and each lesson is
short to the point and i break it down
so that way it's actionable and if you
have any questions you can always hit me
or anyone up on my team and we're gladly
willing to help for free by asking
answering your questions
resource number two hubspot academy they
have certifications on everything from
inbound marketing social media marketing
to just general digital marketing and
even sales best of all the
certifications don't cost any money plus
once you pass you can put them on your
linkedin and hopefully it'll help you
with your job or at least get a better
job if you're in that market or if
you're just a solo entrepreneur it'll
teach you how to do marketing better
resource number three backlinko
did you know that google makes over
eight algorithm changes per day on
average
how do you keep up with the ever
changing algorithm well
you don't want to guess you want to use
stats and data and you want to use the
stats and data that are your fingertips
backlinko has tons of in-depth guides
with stats and data such as
in one blog post they talk about how
they analyze 3.6 billion articles and
breaks down what they learned for
example brian who's the founder of
backlinko discusses
in that post how that if you include the
year in your title it tends to perform
better or how list-based posts and how
to post tend to do better in google in
the long run than other types of content
or in his article on how he analyzed 208
thousand web pages to learn about google
core web vitals he talks about how 53
percent of sites had a good largest
contentful paint score which is also
known as the lcp score and
46.23
of sites had a poor or needs to improve
lc piece rating he also talks about in
the article how large layout shifts were
the number one cause of poor commutative
layout shift scores
resource number four search engine
roundtable we already talked about
google making eight plus algorithm
changes per day but search engine
roundtable breaks down a lot of those
major algorithm updates and the way they
do this is they look at all the tools
out there that showcase data on the
algorithm changes of what industry is
effective and he compiles that data post
about it and then people share their
websites what went up and what went down
and why they think their traffic
went up or down it helps everyone in the
community find patterns so that way they
can keep improving and getting more
insights on what they should do and what
they shouldn't do
resource number five mailchimp marketing
library there's more to digital
marketing than just seo or social media
or even content creation there's a lot
of aspects that aren't sexy like email
marketing
but they're very effective according to
status that over 306 billion emails are
sent and received every day
mailchimp marketing library will teach
you everything that you need to know
about marketing not just email marketing
but also marketing and it's worth
checking out now if you need help with
your marketing check out my ad agency np
digital we'll just do this all for you
or if you have any questions and you
want to do your marketing yourself
that's fine too leave a comment below
i'm here to help answer and help you out
if you enjoyed this video like it share
it tell the people about it thank you
for watching i sincerely appreciate your
time